# QUOTEX Review: Is it Legit or a Scam?

## Risk Warning

Online trading involves significant risk, and you may lose all of your
invested capital. It is not suitable for all traders or investors.
Please ensure that you understand the risks involved and note that the
information contained in this article is for general information
purposes only.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/4_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

## General Information

  Characteristic              Value
  --------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
  Founded                     2019
  Registered Country/Region   Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
  Regulation                  unregulated
  Market Instruments          Stocks, currencies, precious metals, indices
  Demo Account                Yes (\$10,000 virtual account)
  Leverage                    N/A
  EUR/USD Spread              N/A
  Trading Platforms           Web
  Minimum deposit             \$10
  Customer Support            email

## What is QUOTEX?

QUOTEX, a trading name of Maxbit LLC., is allegedly a binary options and
forex broker registered in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines that
provides its clients with a WebTrader as its trading platform and over
410 tradable financial instruments. However, Quotex \*\*has not been
authorized or regulated by any major financial regulatory body\*\*.
Additionally, there have been \*\*reports and complaints of fraudulent
activities associated with the platform\*\*.

In the following article, we will analyze the characteristics of this
broker from various aspects, providing you with simple and organized
information. If you are interested, please read on. At the end of the
article, we will also briefly make a conclusion so that you can
understand the broker\'s characteristics at a glance.

## Pros & Cons

-   **Pros:**
    -   Demo account available for practice
    -   A wide range of tradable assets
    -   Low minimum deposit (10)
    -   No deposit or withdrawal fee
-   **Cons:**
    -   No valid regulation
    -   Many clients have reported QUOTEX as a scam
    -   High inactivity fee
    -   Limited educational resources and research tools available
    -   No info on trading conditions

## QUOTEX Alternative Brokers

There are many alternative brokers to QUOTEX depending on the specific
needs and preferences of the trader. Some popular options include:

-   **IG -** a well-established and reputable broker with a wide range
    of markets and trading platforms, making it a good choice for
    experienced traders.
-   **HFM -** offers a competitive range of trading instruments and
    account types, but its customer service has received mixed reviews.
-   **FXTM -** offers a range of account types and trading platforms, as
    well as comprehensive educational resources, but its fees and
    customer service could be improved.

Ultimately, the best broker for an individual trader will depend on
their specific trading style, preferences, and needs.

## Is QUOTEX Safe or Scamï¼Ÿ

It appears that QUOTEX is not a safe broker to trade with. The fact that
the broker has \*\*no valid regulatio\*\*n is a significant red flag and
indicates that they may not be operating in a legitimate manner.
Additionally, the \*\*numerous reports of scam activities\*\* from
clients further support the notion that QUOTEX is not a reputable
broker. Therefore, it is recommended to avoid trading with QUOTEX and to
seek out a broker with proper regulation and a good reputation in the
industry.

## Market Instruments

QUOTEX advertises that it is a multi-asset platform with more than 410
trading instruments across 4 asset classes for digital options trading:

-   securities (shares of world companies)
-   currency pairs (EUR / USD, GBP / USD, etc.)
-   raw materials and precious metals (oil, gold, etc.)
-   indices (S&P 500, Dow, dollar index, etc.)

## Accounts

QUOTEX says that it offers free demo and real accounts. Traders can
register and get \*\*\$10,000 on a demo account\*\* for learning to
trade. Traders can \*\*start with a low amount of \$10\*\*. Although
this is the reasonable and proper amount, traders should stay away from
this broke given the fact that this broker is an unregulated one.

## Trading Platforms

When it comes to trading platforms available, QUOTEX gives traders three
choices: \*\*WebTrader, desktop and mobile (iPhone, Android)\*\*
versions. Whatever, we suggest you use MetaTrader4 or MetaTrader5 as the
trading platform. As most traders know, the MT4 and MT5 are known as the
most successful, efficient, and competent forex trading software. The
MT4 offers an intuitive and user-friendly interface, advanced charting
and analysis tools, as well as copy and auto-trade options. While the
MT5 allows traders to execute trades on different financial markets
through a single account and there is a hedging option.

See the trading platform comparison table below:

  Broker   Trading Platforms
  -------- ----------------------------------
  QUOTEX   Web-based
  IG       Web-based, MT4, MT5, ProRealTime
  HFM      MT4, MT5, WebTrader, Mobile App
  FXTM     MT4, MT5, WebTrader, Mobile App

Note: It\'s important to remember that brokers may offer different
trading platforms in different regions, and this information may be
subject to change.

## Deposits & Withdrawals

From the logos shown at the foot of the home page on QUOTEXs official
website, we found that this broker seems to accept deposits and
withdrawals with \*\*Visa, MasterCard, advcash and Perfect Money\*\*.
The method that you have chosen to deposit the account is also a method
of withdrawing funds.

The \*\*minimum deposit requirement is said to be \$10\*\* and the
\*\*minimum withdrawal amount is \$10 for most payment systems, while
for cryptocurrencies this amount starts from \$50\*\* and may be higher
for certain currencies such as Bitcoin.

The firm \*\*does not charge fees\*\* for deposits or withdrawals.
However, note that payment systems can charge their fee and use the
internal currency conversion rate. As for the processing time of
withdrawal requests, the \*\*withdrawals usually take 1-5 days\*\*.

When it comes to the withdrawal of a sufficiently large amount, the
Company may request verification. Usually, additional documents to
withdraw funds are not needed . But the Company at its discretion may
ask you to confirm your personal data by requesting certain documents.

## Fees

QUOTEX doesnt openly reveal any information about their trading
conditions. We have no way to know their spreads and commissions. They
also do not mention any specific inactivity fee. The only available
information is that they charge \*\*no fees for deposits and
withdrawals\*\*. Traders should review the fee schedule on QUOTEX\'s
website carefully before opening an account to ensure they understand
the potential costs involved in trading with this broker.

See the fee comparison table below:

